Fix instances where nouns contain(s) or (s), for example app(s) (#7089)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/private-platform/configuration/pmp-configure-k8s.md

        ```

3. Click **Save**.

> 4. Click the newly created cluster and expand it, and then click **Retrieve Namespace (or Namespaces)** to retrieve all the namespace and storage plans. 

Reviewer: This looks like a UX element. @katarzyna-koltun-mx can you confirm?
```suggestion
4. Click the newly created cluster and expand it, and then click **Retrieve Namespace(s)** to retrieve all the namespace and storage plans. 
```

Reviewer 2: Correct, I believe it should be kept as-is.
